Revamped Tracing (#7964)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/tracing/README.md

# Tracing

## Overview

> This component bundles [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/) as a tracing tool for microservice-based distributed systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component bundles [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/) which is a tracing tool for microservice-based distributed systems.
```
I'm not sure about `bundles` though - maybe `includes`? or rephrasing this sentence to `Tracing functionality is provided by...` something along these lines?

Author: Fixed by using third option
